.TH "CPC_GetMSGQueueCnt" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_GetMSGQueueCnt\fR \- Get the count of the message queue for the given channel
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_GetMSGQueueCnt\fR(int \fIhandle\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fIhandle\fP \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_GetMSGQueueCnt\fR is used to get the count of message actually store on the message queue.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
count of messages
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_ClearMSGQueue(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
