.TH "CPC_RequestCANParams" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_RequestCANParams\fR \- Request the currently used parameters.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_RequestCANParams\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, unsigned char \fIconfirm\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR  \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fIconfirm\fR \- A flag indicating if the execution should be confirmed 
.br 
   (not yet implemented)
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_RequestCANParams\fR is used to request the currently used CAN parameters. The response is stored within the message queue with the message type \fBCPC_MSG_T_CAN_PRMS\fR. Use \fBCPC_Handle\fR to retrieve the parameters. To retrieve this information immediately, use \fBCPC_GetCANParams\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned if the request has been sent.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3) CPC_GetCANParams(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
