.TH "CPC_WaitForMType" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_WaitForMType\fR \- Wait for a specified message
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
CPC_MSG_T * \fBCPC_WaitForMType\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, int \fImtype\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR  \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fImtype\fR \- the message type which should be waited for
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_WaitForMType\fR listens on the specified channel for the given message type.
.LP 
\fBNOTE:\fR All other messages are discarded if no handlers are hooked !!
.SH "DATA_TYPES"
mtype \- message types which can be waited for
.TS
tab (@);
l l l
l l l.
define@value@description
CPC_MSG_T_INFO@18@// information string
CPC_MSG_T_CAN@1@// CAN data frame
CPC_MSG_T_XCAN@16@// XCAN data frame
CPC_MSG_T_RTR@8@// CAN remote frame
CPC_MSG_T_XRTR@17@// XCAN remote frame
CPC_MSG_T_CAN_PRMS@12@// Actually used CAN parameters
CPC_MSG_T_CANSTATE@14@// CAN state message
CPC_MSG_T_DISCONNECTED@24@// response type for a disconnected interface
.TE
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
\fBCPC_MSG_T\fR \- A pointer to the message we have been waiting for.
.IP error:
.br 
\fBNULL\fR \- An error or timeout occoured
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_AddHandler(3) CPC_AddHandlerEx(3) CPC_Handle(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com)

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2006 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche


