.TH "CPC_ClearCMDQueue" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_ClearCMDQueue\fR \- Clear the command queue.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_ClearCMDQueue\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, unsigned char \fIconfirm\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fIhandle\fP \- the handle returned from \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.TP 
\fIconfirm\fP \-A flag indicating if the execution should be confirmed 
.br 
   (not yet implemented)
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
If the channel supports command queueing (EtherCAN, CPC\-USB/ARM7) a call to \fBCPC_ClearCMDQueue\fR deletes all commands on that queue. Commands already in execution will be aborted.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned on successfull submission of the clear command
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3) CPC_CANExit(3) 
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche (http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
