.TH "CPC_Handle" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_Handle\fR \- Execute all handlers in the list for the given channel 
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
CPC_MSG_T * \fBCPC_Handle\fR(int \fIhandle\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_Handle\fR is used to retrieve a CPC message from the message queue. All handlers hooked up with the given channel are executed.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a CPC_MSG_T pointer to the received message
.IP error:
.br 
NULL pointer if no messages are available
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_AddHandler(3) CPC_AddHandlerEx(3) CPC_RemoveHandler(3) CPC_RemoveHandlerEx(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
