.TH "CPC_RequestInfo" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_RequestInfo\fR \- Request a information message from the controller
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_RequestInfo\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, unsigned char \fIconfirm\fP, unsigned char \fIsource\fR, unsigned char \fItype\fR)

.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fIconfirm\fR \- A flag indicating if the execution should be confirmed 
.br 
   (not yet implemented)
.LP 
\fIsource\fR \- The source the information should be requested from
.LP 
\fItype\fR \- The type of information which should be requested
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_RequestInfo\fR is used to request information e.g. from the controller. The response is stored in the message queue, retrieve it by calling \fBCPC_Handle\fR. See section \fBDATA_TYPES\fR for information on the requestable sources and types. To retrieve the information immediately, use \fBCPC_GetInfo\fR.
.SH "DATA_TYPES"
.LP 
\fIsource\fR \- defines to be used for source
.TS
tab (@);
l l l
l l l.
define@value@description
CPC_INFOMSG_T_UNKNOWN_SOURCE@0@unknown source
CPC_INFOMSG_T_INTERFACE@1@query information from interface
CPC_INFOMSG_T_DRIVER@2@query information from driver
CPC_INFOMSG_T_LIBRARY@3@query information from library
.TE
.LP 
\fItype\fR \- defines to be used for type
.TS
tab (@);
l l l
l l l.
define@value@description
CPC_INFOMSG_T_UNKNOWN_TYPE@0@unknown type
CPC_INFOMSG_T_VERSION@1@query version information
CPC_INFOMSG_T_SERIAL@2@query serial information
.TE
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned if the information request has been sent.
.LP 
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer to section \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3) CPC_GetInfo(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
