.TH "CPC_OpenChannel" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR \- Opens a CAN Channel
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR(char * \fIchannel\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fIchannel\fR \- String indicating the section within the file cpcconf.ini
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR requests a channel from the driver corresponding to the interface specified within the section. The CAN controller is not affected by a call to \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR, this is done by a call to \fBCPC_CANInit\fR. \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR has to be called before using the other functions of this interface library.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a valid handle to the requested CAN channel. This handle is used in all subsequent function calls.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_CANExit(3) CPC_CloseChannel(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).
.LP 
.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
