.TH "CPC_CANInit" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_RemoveHandlerEx\fR \- Remove a handler already hooked up with a channel.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_RemoveHandler\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, void (*\fIhandler\fR)(int handle, CPC_MSG_T *))
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR  \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fIhandler\fP \- The pointer to the handler function which has to be released.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_RemoveHandler\fR is used to remove a handler hooked up with a channel.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned if the handler has been removed.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer to section \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_Handle(3) CPC_AddHandler(3) CPC_AddHandlerEx(3) CPC_RemoveHandlerEx(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
