.TH "CPC_AddHandler" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_AddHandler\fR \- Adds an handler for CPC_Handle
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_AddHandler\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, void (*\fIhandler\fR)(int handle, const CPC_MSG_T *) )
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fP  \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fIhandler\fP \- function pointer to the appropriate handler function
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_AddHandler\fR is used to register a callback function which is invoked for each message returned by a call to \fBCPC_Handle\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3) CPC_Handle(3) CPC_AddHandlerEx(3) CPC_RemoveHandler(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche (http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
