.TH "CPC_Control" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_Control\fR \- send a control message.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_Control\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, unsigned short \fIvalue\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fIchannel\fP \- the handle returned by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.TP 
\fIvalue\fP \- the value of the control message
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_Control\fR is used to control the transmission of events from CPC interfaces to PC by event types. 
.br 
Default state is: don't transmit. See section \fBDATA_TYPES\fR for the values.
.SH "DATA_TYPES"
.LP 
.TS
tab (@);
l s s
l l l
l l l.
Command \fBsubject\fR selection
define@value@description
CONTR_CAN_Message@0x04@Transmit CAN message to PC
CONTR_Busload@0x08@Not yet implemented
CONTR_CAN_State@0x0C@Generate a CAN state message if CAN state changes
CONTR_SendAck@0x10@Not yet implemented
CONTR_Filter@0x14@Not yet implemented
CONTR_BusError@0x1C@Generate a CAN error message if the controller detects bus errors
.TE
.LP 
.TS
tab (@);
l s s
l l l
l l l.
Control command \fBactions\fR
define@value@description
CONTR_CONT_OFF@0@Transmission disabled
CONTR_CONT_ON@1@Transmission enabled
CONTR_SING_ON@2@Transmit once
.TE
.LP 
\fBINFO:\fR CONTR_SING_ON doesn't change CONTR_CONT_ON state, so it should be read as: transmit at least once.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned if the control message has been transmitted.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
