.TH "CPC_GetInfo" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_GetInfo\fR \- Get information of \fItype\fR from \fIsource\fR
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
char * \fBCPC_GetInfo\fR(int \fIhandle\fR, unsigned char \fIsource\fR, unsigned char \fItype\fR)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fP \- The handle returned from \fICPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fIsource\fR \- The source the information should be requested from
.LP 
\fItype\fR \- The type of information which should be requested
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBCPC_GetInfo\fR is used to retrieve e.g. interface information.
.br 
See section \fBDATA_TYPES\fR for information on the requestable sources and types.
.br 
.SH "DATA_TYPES"
.LP 
\fIsource\fR \- defines to be used for source
.TS
tab (@);
l l l
l l l.
define@value@description
CPC_INFOMSG_T_UNKNOWN_SOURCE@0@unknown source
CPC_INFOMSG_T_INTERFACE@1@query information from interface
CPC_INFOMSG_T_DRIVER@2@query information from driver
CPC_INFOMSG_T_LIBRARY@3@query information from library
.TE
.LP 
\fItypes\fR \- defines to be used for type
.TS
tab (@);
l l l
l l l.
define@value@description
CPC_INFOMSG_T_UNKNOWN_TYPE@0@unknown type
CPC_INFOMSG_T_VERSION@1@query version information
CPC_INFOMSG_T_SERIAL@2@query serial information
.TE
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a char pointer pointing to the retrieved information message.
.IP error:
.br 
a char pointer pointing to the appropriate error message.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_OpenChannel(3) CPC_RequestInfo(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
