.TH "CPC_SendXMsg" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_SendXMsg\fR \- Send a extended CAN message
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_SendXMsg\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, unsigned char \fIconfirm\fP, CPC_CAN_MSG_T * \fIcanmsg\fR)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR \- handle obtained by \fBCPC_OpenChannel\fR
.LP 
\fIconfirm\fR \- A flag indicating if the execution should be confirmed 
.br 
   (not yet implemented)
.LP 
\fIcanmsg\fR \- A pointer to the message to be sent

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_SendXMsg\fR is used to send a extended CAN message given by \fIcanmsg\fR on the channel, represented by \fIhandle\fR. The parameter \fIconfirm\fR is not implemented yet.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
CPC_CAN_MSG_T xcanmsg;
.br 
.LP 
xcanmsg.id = 0x1FFFFFFF;
.br 
xcanmsg.length = 4;
.br 
xcanmsg.msg[0] = 0xAA;
.br 
xcanmsg.msg[1] = 0x55;
.br 
xcanmsg.msg[2] = 0xAA;
.br 
xcanmsg.msg[3] = 0x55;
.br 
.LP 
if(CPC_SendXMsg(handle, 0, &xcanmsg) != 0) {
.br 
	// error handling here
.br 
}
.br 
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a value equal to 0 is returned if the message has been sent.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer to section \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_CANInit(3) CPC_SendXMsg(3) CPC_SendRTR(3) CPC_SendXRTR(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Markus Plessing <plessing@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
