.TH "CPC_CANInit" "3" "Release 2.39" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPC Interface Library"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fBCPC_CANInit\fR \- Initialize CAN controller
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
#include <linux/cpc.h>
.br 
#include <cpclib.h>
.LP 
int \fBCPC_CANInit\fR(int \fIhandle\fP, unsigned char \fIconfirm\fP)
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
\fIhandle\fR \- A handle to the appropriate channel obtained by CPC_OpenChannel(3).
.LP 
\fIconfirm\fR \- A flag indicating if the execution should be confirmed 
.br  
   (not yet implemented)
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBCPC_CANInit\fR initializes the parameters of the CAN controller within the CPC Interfaces. The CAN controller is set up with parameters supplied by the internal CAN parameters structure, see \fBCPC_GetInitParamsPtr(3)\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.LP 
.IP success:
.br 
a valid handle to the requested CAN channel. This handle is used in all subsequent function calls.
.IP error:
.br 
a value < 0 is returned, please refer a \fBSEE ALSO\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpclib(3) CPC_GetInitParamsPtr(3) CPC_SendMsg(3) CPC_CloseChannel(3) CPC_CANExit(3)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Sebastian Haas <haas@ems\-wuensche.com>
.br 
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>
.SH "NOTES"
CPCLIB is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche 
.br 
(http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

.IP Support:
.br 
EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.br 
Sonnenhang 3
.br 
.br 
D\-85304 Illmuenster
.br 
.br 
Tel. +49\-8441\-490260
.br 
Fax  +49\-8441\-81860
.br 
.IP WARNING:
.br 
EMS hardware and software may not be used in applications where damage to life, health or private property may result from failures in or caused by these components.
.br 
.IP Copyright:
.br 
No part of this document or the software described herein may be reproduced in any from without prior written agreement from EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.br 
Copyright (c) 1998\-2005 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
