.\" '\" t
.\" ** The above line should force tbl to be a preprocessor **
.\" Man page for floader - Firmware update tool for CPC-USB
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 1998-2001,2002,2003 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche
.TH "FLOADER" "1" "FLOADER" "EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche" "CPCLIB"
.SH "NAME"
floader \- firmware update tool for CPC\-USB
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B floader [OPTION]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B floader
is a tool to update the CPC\-USB firmware. CPC\-USB is the USB to CAN interface of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
.TP 
.B \-f,
binary file which is downloaded
.TP 
.B \-b,
must be set if a file containing the bootloader is specified
.TP 
.B \-l,
a log file is created during the download process

.TP 
There must not be a space between \-f and the filename.
.P
If the filesize does not match the size for either a application firmware or
a firmaware containing application and bootloader the download will not be performed.
.P
If the download process is stopped while the application is loaded, the device can still
reboot to the bootloader. 
.P
If the download process is stopped while a bootloader is loaded, the device may not boot
again and the manufactorer may be contacted.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP 
Download of a new application firmware.
.P
floader \-fapp0_35.bin

Download of a new firmware containing bootloader and application
.P
floader \-fa0_35+b1_10.bin \-b

.SH "AUTHOR"
Gerhard Uttenthaler <uttenthaler@ems\-wuensche.com>

.SH "COMPANY"
floader is a product of EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche (http://www.ems\-wuensche.com).

Copyright (c) 1998\-2001,2002,2003 EMS Dr. Thomas Wuensche.
